All right.
So these are all the submit ideas that I need for my D-B creation.
And no I can get back to what I was doing and which is the launching a post-career sequel instance.
So let's go down to the method and let's just check out the parameters.
So the first thing that I have to provide is a database name for my database name.
I'm going to say my pulse great sequel database.
All right.
And for a database instance identifier I'm going to say my pulse gray post-trade the be all right.
And after that I'm going to have to provide a D-B instance class and the D-B instance class is of course
going to be a free tier D and which is just the the dot T-2 dot micro.
If you try to launch any other thing than D-B to D-B dot to the micro you're going to be charge and
you're just going to have to be careful about that.
And for the engine of that TV I'm going to say to simply postscripts.
All right.
And with the engine version I'm just going to say the engine version is going to be 9 out 6.6 and for
all the values of these parameters for this D-B launching for Pasqua sequel you can thoroughly check
out the both or three documentation and of course AWOS itself.
And for the pt. s. I'm going to simply use the default port for our D.S. post-career sequel instance
and the other thing that I need is a master username and for the master username I'm just simply going
to use Pulse Chris and for my master password.
I'm going to say my post-play
and password.
All right.
And the other thing that I want to allocate is the storage itself.
So for the storage I'm going to simply say 20 gigs of this size for my D-B instance and the next thing
that I want to say I don't want any multi availabilities zone deployment for my D-B instance since this
is going to be a simple development TB and of course you can with your production the base production
level the actually have to use the Malte availability on deployments and 40 storage type.
I'm going to simply say I want to a general propose as is the storage.
I don't want the high troop worth IOPS or anything else since this is just the development D-B.
And so I want my to be accessible from public resources I can just simply say publicly accessible and
through but just saying the publicly accessible is not enough.
We created our D-B Security Group and added and in-bound rule.
If you don't do that you win if you say that you want a publicly accessible Ardis instance you won't
be able to access your audiences.
So right.
Just be careful about that.
And the other thing that I have to provide is the PC security group ids.
So since this is a list of IDS I have to provide it within a list and I have to get the security group
ID from my method which is right below my.
As you can see here create D-B security group and add rules.
So this method is returning the security group ID.
So let's just make a quick call that this method Security Group ID and self-taught create D-B security
group and add rules.
All right.
So this is going to you media security group that I need.
And before we finish before we wrap this up let's just also say the D-B submit group name and that subnet
group name is of course RLDS D-B subnetwork name that I am going to create.
And with the attacks I'm going to say within a list of elements and the first element is with the key
available CIM of hers.
I'm going to say key is name and de-value is
let's just type in my own name and post.
Sequel
instance.
All right.
So this is basically everything that we need to create our already Yes instance
so to test things out to lounge and RLDS instance this is create a simple test class and let's just
name it test deployment.
All right.
And with that test deployment class what I'm going to do is I'm going to deploy my resources within
a single method just couple of method calls.
So let's just say I want to deploy my resources within a single method to deploy resources and within
that method I'm going to need the artist client for my debut launching and that's simply everything
I need to call this method.
So let's just take the RDX client from SIRC and Clive factory our client and of course from SIRC Dot
are yes and RLDS itself.
All right.
So this is everything I need to launch my D-B instance and for my RLDS client let's just say RTX client
and get client and RLDS is going to be simple.
So ARDE Yes and I'm going to pass in the RDF client inside it so I can just simply call them my RLDS
create post-career sequel instance method just like that.
So and maybe I can just print out that I'm launching an art class instance creating RDX post-K sequel
instance.
All right.
And to call this method I'm going to simply going to need a main method and I can just say deploy resources
just like that.
And let's just give it a line break here.
So we're now ready to test out our method for lounging and Ardelia's instance.
So if we go here and Tron and let's see what's going to happen.
All right.
Our Amazon RLDS says and oops we have a problem with our PC
so this is only because that we simply forgot to call our create subnet group method and it's this method
and we simply forgot to create our D-B subnet group.
So let's go down here within the Create Pasqua sequel instance and this is create subnet group and within
that let's just call self-taught create an D-B subnet group.
So let's also print out debt we're creating DP subnet group and just like that.
So let's just go and let's just try to call this and but before we go and do dat let's just go back
and delete our resources for our security group.
So let's just go to a W-S console like now and and go to E C too so that we don't have the conflicting
resources and we can successfully create our security groups and resources.
So as you can see our public security group is right there.
And if I go here are the actions and delete the security crew.
And here we go.
So let's go back and let's just redrawn our application and I'm going to hit one.
And as you can see all of our resources are almost created and you can check out from the last statement
that we printed out here that are RDR security group is created.
And we could successfully at the inbound accessible to our security group and we created our own D-B
subnet group and our post-career sequel already instance is now being launched.
So this is everything that we're going to do to lounge and RLDS instance and in the next video we're
going to check out our RLDS instance on AWOS Konsole.